Update doc of command CLUSTER NODES. (#2482)
redis/redis-doc: commands/cluster-nodes.md

## Serialization format

The output of the command is just a space-separated CSV string, where

> each line represents a node in the cluster. The auxiliary fields 
> (including shard ID, human node name and extra port number) stored in
> nodes.conf file are currently hidden from client commands. The following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each line represents a node in the cluster. The following
```

Our historical guidance has been the command should show the latest state, since aux fields aren't the latest we can leave them omitted.

6ec23923021cf3ffec47632106199cb7f496ce01 127.0.0.1:30005@31005,hostname5 slave 67ed2db8d677e59ec4a4cefb06858cf2a1a89fa1 0 1426238316232 5 connected
824fe116063bc5fcf9f4ffd895bc17aee7731ac3 127.0.0.1:30006@31006,hostname6 slave 292f8b365bb7edb5e285caf0b7e6ddc7265d2f4f 0 1426238317741 6 connected
e7d1eecce10fd6bb5eb35b9f99a514335d9ba9ca 127.0.0.1:30001@31001,hostname1 myself,master - 0 0 1 connected 0-5460
```

Each line is composed of the following fields:

```
<id> <ip:port@cport[,hostname]> <flags> <master> <ping-sent> <pong-recv> <config-epoch> <link-state> <slot> <slot> ... <slot>
```

The meaning of each field is the following:

1. `id`: The node ID, a 40-character globally unique string generated when a node is created and never changed again (unless `CLUSTER RESET HARD` is used).
2. `ip:port@cport`: The node address that clients should contact to run queries.
3. `hostname`: A human readable string that can be configured via the `cluster-annouce-hostname` setting. The max length of the string is 256 characters, excluding the null terminator. The name can contain ASCII alphanumeric characters, '-', and '.' only.

> 4. `flags`: A list of comma separated flags: `myself`, `master`, `slave`, `fail?`, `fail`, `handshake`, `noaddr`, `nofailover`, `noflags`. Flags are explained below.
> 5. `master`: If the node is a replica, and the primary is known, the primary node ID, otherwise the "-" character.
> 6. `ping-sent`: Unix time at which the currently active ping was sent, or zero if there are no pending pings, in milliseconds.
> 7. `pong-recv`: Unix time the last pong was received, in milliseconds.
> 8. `config-epoch`: The configuration epoch (or version) of the current node (or of the current primary if the node is a replica). Each time there is a failover, a new, unique, monotonically increasing configuration epoch is created. If multiple nodes claim to serve the same hash slots, the one with the higher configuration epoch wins.
> 9. `link-state`: The state of the link used for the node-to-node cluster bus. Use this link to communicate with the node. Can be `connected` or `disconnected`.
> 10. `slot`: A hash slot number or range. Starting from argument number 9, but there may be up to 16384 entries in total (limit never reached). This is the list of hash slots served by this node. If the entry is just a number, it is parsed as such.  If it is a range, it is in the form `start-end`, and means that the node is responsible for all the hash slots from `start` to `end` including the start and end values.s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. `flags`: A list of comma separated flags: `myself`, `master`, `slave`, `fail?`, `fail`, `handshake`, `noaddr`, `nofailover`, `noflags`. Flags are explained below.
6. `master`: If the node is a replica, and the primary is known, the primary node ID, otherwise the "-" character.
7. `ping-sent`: Unix time at which the currently active ping was sent, or zero if there are no pending pings, in milliseconds.
8. `pong-recv`: Unix time the last pong was received, in milliseconds.
9. `config-epoch`: The configuration epoch (or version) of the current node (or of the current primary if the node is a replica). Each time there is a failover, a new, unique, monotonically increasing configuration epoch is created. If multiple nodes claim to serve the same hash slots, the one with the higher configuration epoch wins.
10. `link-state`: The state of the link used for the node-to-node cluster bus. Use this link to communicate with the node. Can be `connected` or `disconnected`.
11. `slot`: A hash slot number or range. Starting from argument number 9, but there may be up to 16384 entries in total (limit never reached). This is the list of hash slots served by this node. If the entry is just a number, it is parsed as such.  If it is a range, it is in the form `start-end`, and means that the node is responsible for all the hash slots from `start` to `end` including the start and end values.
```

You accidentally added an s at the end of the line, so I think it makes more sense to leave the numbers in place since by the markdown standard they don't matter.
